Add Conjur Support for FindByName, FindByTag (#3364)
external-secrets/external-secrets: docs/provider/conjur.md

{% include 'conjur-ca-bundle.yaml' %}
```

> ### External secret store

Reviewer: @szh - not sure if we need this section, does it anything that isn't stated above?

The Conjur provider is configured as an external secret store in ESO. The external secret store is a Kubernetes custom resource that defines the connection to the Conjur server. There are two methods to authenticate to Conjur that are supported by the Conjur provider:

> * `apikey` - Uses a Conjur `hostid` and `apikey` to authenticate with Conjur.
> * `jwt` - Uses a JWT token to authenticate with Conjur.

Reviewer: maybe add links to the option titles. and just for consistency:
```suggestion
* `apikey`: uses a Conjur `hostid` and `apikey` to authenticate with Conjur
* `jwt`: uses a JWT to authenticate with Conjur.
```

> #### Option 1: External secret store with apiKey authentication

Reviewer: I'd set this as a level-three heading (`###`), and move the heading levels below up one

Author: My idea here is that the outline should look like this:
![image](https://github.com/external-secrets/external-secrets/assets/546965/06db2694-104c-40a1-bccb-c5c9bde6e083)
This way External secret store is an L3 heading, with the two options (apikey and jwt) as L4 headings.

Reviewer: @szh, yep, makes sense. but adding a comment to the intro paragraph above

kubectl create token my-service-account --audience='https://conjur.company.com' --duration=3600s
```

Save the secret store file as `conjur-secret-store.yaml`.

##### Step 2: Create the external secrets store

```shell
# WARNING: creates the store in the "external-secrets" namespace, update the value as needed
#
kubectl apply -n external-secrets -f conjur-secret-store.yaml

# WARNING: running the delete command will delete the secret store configuration
#
# If there is a need to delete the external secretstore
# kubectl delete secretstore -n external-secrets conjur
```

### Define an external secret

> Now that you have set up the Conjur provider secret store, you can define an external secret that will fetch one or more secrets from Conjur.

Reviewer: `After you have configured the Conjur provider secret store, you can fetch secrets from Conjur.`

> Here is an example of an external secret that fetches a single secret from Conjur:

Reviewer: `Here is an example of how to fetch a single secret from Conjur:`

```yaml
{% include 'conjur-external-secret.yaml' %}
```

Save the external secret file as `conjur-external-secret.yaml`.

#### Find by Name and Find by Tag

The Conjur provider also supports the Find by Name and Find by Tag ESO features. This means that

> you can use a regular expression or tags to dynamically fetch secrets from Conjur.

Reviewer: `fetch multiple secrets from Conjur.`

# kubectl delete secretstore -n external-secrets conjur
```

### Define an external secret

After you have configured the Conjur provider secret store, you can fetch secrets from Conjur.

Here is an example of how to fetch a single secret from Conjur:

```yaml
{% include 'conjur-external-secret.yaml' %}
```

Save the external secret file as `conjur-external-secret.yaml`.

#### Find by Name and Find by Tag

The Conjur provider also supports the Find by Name and Find by Tag ESO features. This means that
you can use a regular expression or tags to dynamically fetch multiple secrets from Conjur.

```yaml
{% include 'conjur-external-secret-find.yaml' %}
```

> If you use these search feature, we strongly recommend that you limit the permissions of the Conjur host
> to only the secrets that it needs to access. Besides for being security best practice, reduces the load on
> both the Conjur server and ESO.

Reviewer: @szh, i missed some stuff here```suggestion
If you use these features, we strongly recommend that you limit the permissions of the Conjur host
to only the secrets that it needs to access. This is more secure and it reduces the load on
both the Conjur server and ESO.
```

also decrease the amount of resources that the Conjur provider needs to fetch from Conjur and decrease

> load on both the Conjur server and ESO.

Reviewer: `This reduces the load on both the Conjur server and ESO.`

# kubectl delete externalsecret -n external-secrets conjur
```

> ### Step 5: Get the K8s secret

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### Get the K8s secret
```

# kubectl delete externalsecret -n external-secrets conjur
```

### Step 5: Get the K8s secret

> * Log in to your Conjur server and verify that your secret exists.

Reviewer: when all bullets are phrases (not full sentences), no full stops (periods for you)
